Add tutorial set-up code (#1147)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_creation/examples/basic_CRN_library.md

# [Library of Basic Chemical Reaction Network Models](@id basic_CRN_library)
```@raw html

> <details><summary><strong>Tutorial environment set-up</strong></summary>

Author: Is technically everything at tutorial though? Maybe we write "Environment set-up" and keep it at that, or something else. Or "Julia environment set-up".

Reviewer: Maybe say "Environment setup and package installation"?

Author: That sound good

```

> The following code sets up an environment for running this tutorial.

Author: Thinking of making part of the test a link to https://docs.sciml.ai/Catalyst/stable/introduction_to_catalyst/catalyst_for_new_julia_users/#catalyst_for_new_julia_users_packages, for anyone who wants clarifications.

> The following code sets up an environment for running this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sets up an environment for running the following examples.
```

> ```julia

Author: Could also do stuff like creating a new folder here, but people might not always like to do that. Figured his would be the minimal one.

using Pkg
Pkg.activate(".")
Pkg.add("Catalyst")
Pkg.add("OrdinaryDiffEqDefault")
Pkg.add("StochasticDiffEq")
Pkg.add("JumpProcesses")
Pkg.add("Plots")
```
```@raw html
</details>
```

>   \

Author: The "   \" is kind of ugly, but is required to add some space between the expandable menu and the actual text. There might be a markdown command which is more clear that that is what it does though.
